EDU-9868 inclusion of a phrase in the topic impersonate users (#601)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Store-Framework-Apps/vtex-b2b-suite/vtex-b2b-organizations.md

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77292838/159766777-1ff83458-cad0-46de-82e4-1e3c3e4bb144.png" alt="20-users"></img>

> > ⚠️ it's not possible to impersonate emails with Sales roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ It is not possible to impersonate emails with Sales roles.
```
